Login
    Able to login with Facebook, Google Account or by Email.
    Once logged in, can access their account.
    If not logged in, they are directed to the login screen.
Home Page
    Able to add a new workout, even if no workout plan or workout has been created
        If no plan or workout has been made, then all data for that workout will simply be stored inside the calendar as "UntitledWorkout-DATE"
    If the user has a workout plan set, then it will show the next workout on the schedule.
Add Workout
    Able to add a new workout
        If the user has an active plan or scheduled workouts, it will recommend adding the corresponding workout for that day.
        If there's no active plan or workout, FitStat will create an untitled workout with all the exercises from that day.
    If adding a new custom workout:
        Able to add in exercises. When adding exercises, it'll be a search box with suggestions. There will be an option to add a custom exercise. The search box can be filtered by multiple categories:
            Name ("Squat")
            Body Area ("Lower Body")
            Body Part ("Legs")
        Able to set rep numbers and weight numbers on each exercise.
    If adding a new workout from a workout list:
        Will autofill with a list of all the exercises from that workout.
        If this workout has been used before, FitStat will auto-increment the weight numbers if apart of the "Weights" category.
History
    Calendar of all workouts
    Able to browse into the calendar and add workouts from the past.
    Clicking on a workout item inside the calendar takes you to details of that workout
        Will show the workout, all exercises and more.
        Able to retroactively edit the workout.
        Details will include weight numbers and rep numbers if apart of "Weights" category, or Time Spend and Distance Travelled if apart of "Cardio" category, on each exercise for that day
Manage
    Able to create workout plans, set workouts and create exercises
    Plans
        Plans contain various workouts. E.g Stronglifts contains 2 workouts. Stronglifts is a workout plan
        Able to set an active plan.
        Able to assign a workout to a certain day, based on a 2 week calendar view.
        Able to quickly add popular plans, which will be dran from a database, or make your own custom plan.
    Workouts
        A workout contains various exercises. E.g "Chest Day" would be a workout, and you'd assign "Bench Press, Dumbell Press, Cable Flyes" to it.
        Able to assign a workout to a certain day of the week.
        Can link to a plan.
        When adding exercises, it'll be a search box with suggestions. There will be an option to add a custom exercise. The search box can be filtered by multiple categories:
            Name ("Squat")
            Body Area ("Lower Body")
            Body Part ("Legs")
Stats
    Able to search for an exercise to find stats specific relating to that exercise.
    Can view a graph of progress over a period of time.
    See a breakdown of each exercise/workout
Settings
    Able to change weekly auto-increment number for each exercise (2.5kg, 5kg, etc)
    Change Password